Fabio polish2023 11 (#13)
open-make/airtrack-doc-website: predrill.md

{{BOM}}

The box will be made of one top, one bottom, 2 long sides and 2 short sides. In this step, we will drill holes in the top, short and long sides plexiglass plates.

>i **Note** 
>i

> >i All constructional drawings have a higher resolution if you open them in a new tab.

Author: I do not think so, is it GItbuilding feature I am not aware of ?

Author: if you zoom in your browser, it shows that the resolution has not changed, only the pic is smaller

> >i **Note** 
> >i
> >i All constructional drawings have a higher resolution if you open them in a new tab.

Author: ```suggestion
>i **Note** 
>i
>i Please zoom in (or open in a new window) all constructional drawings if you cannot see them distinctly.
```
